#Install:
- Go to the Controls setup screen from the main menu and select Import from file in the bottom left corner next to the Controls Setup Wizard.
- Make sure to select Realistic controls in the Controls setup screen.

##Tanks: 
- Mappings exist for control with combat rudder pedals, X-55 throttle & stick, X-55 throttle & mouse(best), and keyboard & mouse. 
- For tanks in WT, throttle with automatic gear is a little wonky. I have it assigned in two ways to the X-55 throttle to help make up for this. The complicated way is mentioned first since the default behaviour can cause unexpected ramming of team mates during spawn. The tank throttle is assigned to the x-55 throttle with the 0-49% range covering reverse gear and acceleration, 50% covering a shady neutral, and 51-100% covering positive acceleration with the game choosing the correct gear for you as necessary. In this mode you'll need to make use of the left and right brakes for proper control. The left brake is the left button on the back of the throttle near the finger tips natural resting position, referred to as H by Saitek. The right break is the button I to the right of the last one mentioned. For added convenience, both breaks are also mapped together under one button: on the throttle rotary 2-G push button next to the top thumb stick. If this mode is too much of a hassle, you can just use the H3 thumb stick next to the dual breaks for forward-back-left-right control without needing to rely on breaks for control. Simply unassign in WT the tank throttle axis from the X-55 throttle.
- TrackIR profile is pulled from http://dslyecxi.com/trackir5/. The default recenter key may need to be reassigned to something more easily reachable. I make use of the silver scroll FWD and BCK wheels on the left of the throttle for TrackIR.